I don't agree with that.
This is Dianli.
Why don't you agree? I'm Mr. Xia's secretary
Your ridiculous decision
I just don't agree.
Mr. Xia said
Do what I tell you to do
If you don't listen
I don't mind asking you to do something else.
you
You rascal
Sister Shuang is here
How is it, cool sister?
A gift box made with a cool word in your name
Nice cover, right?
Not too bad.
Mr. Xia, look at his box of such things.
He actually sold it for 10 yuan
10 yuan is indeed a bit expensive.
Is there a difference between 9 yuan and not 10 yuan?
Just a dime away, of course there is a difference
This is psychology.
Although it is only a dime short
However, from the consumer's perspective
He just didn't hit double digits
It's cheaper than 10 yuan.
Take a look. Take a look.
Don't miss it when you pass by
No 990 no 99
Only 9 yuan 9
New Year's gift box to bring home
Look inside, look inside
9 yuan 9 can't buy it at a loss, foreign wine can't be fooled
Busy with your New Year, what you sold this month is too cheap.
Go together and roll in
I'll have a box.
It's almost Chinese New Year. How face-saving is this gift?
Get me two boxes.
Okay, two boxes.
Come here for bookkeeping, I'll have one too
Yes, please give me one.
I'll have some too
Take it well, thank you.
I want three boxes.
I want one too, I want too
Ok, here it is.
Ah, I'm sorry, everyone, today's stock is sold out.
Excuse me?
We will still be here tomorrow.
Sorry, sorry.
It's done, it's done
Sister Na, how is today's profit?
Are you becoming more and more confident in my ability to make money?
Also blow
If you can sell goods, you should bring a few more boxes.
I took two boxes and sold them so early.
How much less money do you make? You are wrong again.
This is called hunger marketing.
Hunger marketing